Fix descriptions in JS “Right shift” and “Unsigned right shift” docs (#18357)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/right_shift/index.md

---
{{jsSidebar("Operators")}}

> The **right shift operator (`>>`)** returns the signed number represented by the result of performing a sign-extending shift of the binary representation of the first operand (evaluated as a [two’s complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) bit string) to the right by the number of bits, modulo 32, specified in the second operand — with excess bits shifted off to the right being discarded, and copies of the leftmost bit shifted in from the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **right shift operator (`>>`)** returns the signed number represented by the result of performing a sign-extending shift of the binary representation of the first operand (evaluated as a [two's complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) bit string) to the right by the number of bits, modulo 32, specified in the second operand. Excess bits shifted off to the right are discarded, and copies of the leftmost bit are shifted in from the left.
```

> The resulting binary representation is evaluated as a [two’s complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) bit string. So if the leftmost bit in the resulting binary representation is `1`, the resulting number is negative. Because the leftmost bit (the sign bit) of the result will always have the same value as the leftmost bit of the first operand, the sign of the resulting number is the same as the sign of the first operand. Hence the name “sign-extending right shift” or “sign-filling right shift”. This operation is also commonly referred to as an “arithmetic right shift”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting binary representation is evaluated as a [two's complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) bit string. So if the leftmost bit in the resulting binary representation is `1`, the resulting number is negative. Because the leftmost bit (the sign bit) of the result will always have the same value as the leftmost bit of the first operand, the sign of the resulting number is the same as the sign of the first operand, hence the name "sign-extending right shift" or "sign-filling right shift". This operation is also commonly referred to as an "arithmetic right shift".
```

leftmost bit, the sign bit (the leftmost bit) does not change. Hence the name
"sign-propagating".

Consider the 32-bit binary representations of the decimal (base 10) numbers `9` and `-9`:

```js
     9 (base 10): 00000000000000000000000000001001 (base 2)
    -9 (base 10): 11111111111111111111111111110111 (base 2)
```

> Notice that the binary representation of the negative decimal (base 10) number `-9` is the [two’s complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) of the binary representation of the positive decimal (base 10) number `9`. That is, it’s calculated by inverting all the bits of `00000000000000000000000000001001` and adding `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the binary representation of the negative decimal (base 10) number `-9` is the [two's complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement) of the binary representation of the positive decimal (base 10) number `9`. That is, it’s calculated by inverting all the bits of `00000000000000000000000000001001` and adding `1`.
```

In both cases, the sign of the binary number is given by its leftmost bit: for the positive decimal number `9`, the leftmost bit of the binary representation is `0`, and for the negative decimal number `-9`, the leftmost bit of the binary representation is `1`.

Given those binary representations of the decimal (base 10) numbers `9`, and `-9`:

`9 >> 2` yields 2:

```js
     9 (base 10): 00000000000000000000000000001001 (base 2)
                  --------------------------------
9 >> 2 (base 10): 00000000000000000000000000000010 (base 2) = 2 (base 10)
```

Notice how two rightmost bits, `01`, have been shifted off, and two copies of the leftmost bit, `0` have been shifted in from the left.

`-9 >> 2` yields `-3`:

```js
     -9 (base 10): 11111111111111111111111111110111 (base 2)
                   --------------------------------
-9 >> 2 (base 10): 11111111111111111111111111111101 (base 2) = -3 (base 10)
```

Notice how two rightmost bits, `11`, have been shifted off. But as far as the leftmost bits: in this case, the leftmost bit is `1`. So two copies of that leftmost `1` bit have been shifted in from the left — which preserves the negative sign.

> And remember that the reason the binary representation 11111111111111111111111111111101 is equal to the negative decimal (base 1) number `-3` is that it’s calculated by inverting all the bits of the binary representation of the positive decimal (base 10) number `3`, which is 00000000000000000000000000000011, and then adding one (that is, the [two’s complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binary representation `11111111111111111111111111111101` is equal to the negative decimal (base 10) number `-3`, because all negative integers are stored as [two's complements](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two's_complement), and this one can be calculated by inverting all the bits of the binary representation of the positive decimal (base 10) number `3`, which is `00000000000000000000000000000011`, and then adding one.
```
